=head1 NAME

XML::Compile::C14N - XML Canonicalization

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 my $schema = XML::Compile::Cache->new(...);
 my $c14n   = XML::Compile::C14N->new(schema => $schema);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

XML canonicalization is used to enforce an explicit formatting style
on de XML documents. It is required to have a reproducable output when,
for instance, digital signatures gets applied to parts of the document.

WARNING: Although you may wish for more, this module currently only
helps to decode the C14N information, for instance used in digital
signatures. The actual process of canonicalization is not (yet)
implemented.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Constructors

=over 4

=item XML::Compile::C14N-E<gt>B<new>(OPTIONS)

 -Option --Default
  schema   undef
  version  '1.1'

=over 2

=item schema => L<XML::Compile::Cache|XML::Compile::Cache>

Add the C14N extension information to the provided schema.  If not used,
you have to call L<loadSchemas()|XML::Compile::C14N/"Handling"> before compiling readers and writers.

=item version => STRING

Explicitly state which version C14N needs to be used.

=back

=back

=head2 Attributes

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<schema>

=item $obj-E<gt>B<version>

Returns the version number.

=back

=head2 Handling

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<loadSchemas>(SCHEMA)

SCHEMA must extend L<XML::Compile::Cache|XML::Compile::Cache>.

=back

=head2 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item Canonical XML Version 1.0

F<http://www.w3.org/TR/2001/REC-xml-c14n-20010315>, 15 March 2001

=item Canonical XML Version 1.1

F<http://www.w3.org/TR/2008/REC-xml-c14n11-20080502/>, 2 May 2008

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

This module is part of XML-Compile-C14N distribution version 0.10,
built on April 26, 2011. Website: F<http://perl.overmeer.net/xml-compile/>

Other distributions in this suite:
L<XML::Compile>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP12>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP::Daemon>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP::WSA>,
L<XML::Compile::C14N>,
L<XML::Compile::WSS>,
L<XML::Compile::Tester>,
L<XML::Compile::Cache>,
L<XML::Compile::Dumper>,
L<XML::Compile::RPC>,
L<XML::Rewrite>,
L<XML::eXistDB>,
and
L<XML::LibXML::Simple>.

Please post questions or ideas to the mailinglist at
F<http://lists.scsys.co.uk/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/xml-compile>
For live contact with other developers, visit the C<#xml-compile> channel
on C<irc.perl.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyrights 2011 by Mark Overmeer. For other contributors see ChangeLog.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.
See F<http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html>

